concealed beneath the sand is a stealthy
hunter an antlion unseen they dig traps
to snare their victims first the antlion
larva scribes a circle on the ground
then digging deeper it spirals in
towards the center once finished the
predator buries itself at the base and
waits
the angle of the slope is just the right
side of unstable put one foot wrong and
it becomes a slippery slope to a
nightmarish end
[Music]
the antlion toys with its prey
maneuvering the ant into position to
administer the kilobyte
paralyzed by the injected poison the
victim is dragged underground and its
vital juices sucked out
[Music]